Founder & CEO, Chief ASI Architect of Renokon ASI.

The Singularity Architect—The man who maps intelligence, understands the brain, models the universe, designs the math behind it, and builds the vessels to cross it. A physicist, a mathematician, a neuroscientist, a computer scientist & the ASI architect. The unstoppable force behind Renokon ASI. Born to bend reality, to turn improbable into inevitable.

"I have bet my life on Renokon ASI to achieve Artificial Super Intelligence by 2035 to build a better future for the entire humanity and create a $5,000T global economy 2060 to transition the world from scarcity to abundance, Renokon ASI, the operating system of humanity. I spent the last 12 months—16-18 hours a day, every day—architecting ASI and the execution blueprint for the most valuable company in human history. I didn’t come here to build another business. I came here to rewrite what’s possible—to scale Renokon ASI across civilizations.

History has epochs. Fire. Steam engine. Oil. Electricity. The internet. In 2035, we will cross the greatest threshold in human history: Artificial Super Intelligence. I have architected the execution blueprint to create the $5,000T global economy by 2060 with Renokon ASI, currently working (in private) on "The Architecture of ASI" to deliver ASI to humanity by 2035. From that moment onward, the trajectory of civilization will not merely change — it will be irreversibly transformed.

My purpose behind moving towards creating a world of abundance is to ensure every person on earth get access to healthy food, clean water, advanced medical care, education, opportunity to contribute to the growth of humanity with more meaningful jobs and stable income without any discrimination about status, money, religion, color, gender, or language. Humanity will grow together, in a better, safer, and happier world.

A world of abundance, a world of possibility, where no child dies of hunger or due to the lack of medical care. No family lives in darkness, no one’s dreams die just because it was born in poverty. Poverty itself must become history. No person works for fulfilling their basic needs but for a greater purpose of humanity.

Success is the only possible outcome, if you are bold enough to bend reality itself. There is no uncertainty, when you are certain about the future. Renokon ASI is not my company, it’s my life’s biggest mission. MISSION ALPHA is the most challenging and transformative mission in the history of mankind. The biggest risk is not taking the risk. Less ambitious and confident people will not change the future of humanity, only the boldest ones will do it. I always plan 10 steps ahead. There is no uncertainty, when you are certain about the future. The future will bend towards my mission, not the other way around. Change is the only constant, the one who doesn’t evolve with time, become irrelevant.” — Rupayan Das, Founder & CEO, Chief ASI Architect
